---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## Prologue ##

I spent the summer interning at American Airlines in Dallas, and company flight benefits were included. I traveled somewhere every week - saw some cool cities across the globe and even flew down just to grab dinner with friends in another state!

I worked on some cool technology and it was great to have the opportunity to learn about the industry at such a large corporation. And although it was a great summer, I still couldn't wait to come back to school to start the new semester.

## What did I do this past week? ##

I guess AA understood how hard it is to get back to normalcy after three months of free flights, and added another ten days of flight benefits after my internship ended to presumably "wean me off". I took the opportunity to go to Sydney, Australia last weekend before flying back to Austin for the first day of class. 

Speaking of classes, I have some very interesting classes lined up this semester and I was especially excited to take OOP with Prof. Downing whose courses I had heard a lot of positive opinions about. 

My first impression of the course was that you need to stay especially engaged during lecture since Prof. Downing randomly calls on people to answer questions. However, it is perfectly okay not to know the correct answer, since this exercise is not meant to be intimidating. I felt that he explained the material well with plenty of examples.

## What's in the way? ## 

Well, like I said earlier, my flight benefits end Monday, so I took off after class on Friday and went to Zurich, Switzerland. In fact, I am writing this post while in flight back to the US. I am assuming I will have a lot more time to get work done when I am on the ground for longer than 24 hours at a time :)

## What will you do next week? ## 

First order of business is to catch up and then try to get ahead on work, not only for OOP but also for my other classes. I'd like to especially start on the readings and get started on some C++ problems since I am pretty unfamiliar with the intricacies of the language.

## Pick of the week ## 

I thought I'd share a productivity technique that has helped me immensely called the Pomodoro Technique. Many may have heard of it already, but it's basically follows a simple methodology: when faced with any large task, break the work down into short, timed intervals spaced out by short breaks. 

This way, you work in short sprints , which ensures that you're consistently productive. You also get to take regular breaks that bolster your motivation and keep you creative. It's easy to try it yourself since all you need is a timer.

That's all I have for this week, thanks for reading!
