---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

## What did I do this past week? ##

This past week, I mostly caught up on all my classes and got plenty of school work done. Like many others, I had an algorithms exam on Wednesday along with a couple more interviews during the week which meant there were many things going on all at once. Luckily, the second half of the week was pretty relaxed. In class this week, we discussed templates, constructors and were introduced to the range iterator class which we had to implement. The quizzes were quite challenging, and I sincerely hope the test is not as hard!

## What's in the way? ##

I have a few more interviews next week, so balancing these interviews with the OOP test is going to be my main focus. So besides studying for the OOP test on Thursday, I will be applying to more internships online and solve code challenges. I’d also like to get back to flying, since my flight training always gets put on the backburner when I have a lot of work to finish. 

## What will I do next week? ##

Next week, I’ll be studying for the test by implementing many of the concepts that we discussed in class. A good plan of action is crucial when revising material for exams. I wish we had access to a practice exam to get a better idea of what kind of problems to expect. In any case, I know for a fact I have a lot to do to gain sufficient mastery on the material before the test. 

## Tip of the week ##

Light around us changes depending on the time of day. During the day, we’re exposed to bright sunlight that helps keeps us awake and affects our circadian rhythms. At night, once this bright sunlight is gone, we use indoor lighting that is generally dimmer and warmer. The theory is that staring at bright, sun-like computer screens late into the night strains our eyes and inhibits melatonin production which reduces quality of sleep. [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/) is a tool that changes the color temperature of your computer’s display depending on the time of day. Your screen will look normal during the day, but after sunset f.lux users warmer colors to match your indoor lighting. Try it out, it really makes a difference!

That's it for week six, thanks for stopping by!
