---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

## What did I do this past week? ##

In class on Monday, we talked about the Darwin project. The assignment requires us to simulate a “Game of Life” without using any getters or setters. We also got our test grades, and I didn’t do as badly as I expected! I especially enjoyed the Pariveda Solutions talk on Wednesday. I have always been interested in tech consulting, since it is a good mix of programming and business, and it was great to hear about the industry from the guest speakers. There was no class on Friday on account of the UTCS 50 fest, which was very convenient for me since I flew down to Houston for an interview.

## What's in the way? ##

My partner and I have worked on Darwin a bit but we can definitely tell that it is more involved than the previous projects, since there is a lot more planning required. The constraint of not using getters and setters is a bit tricky but it seems like a good learning experience. I also have an Algorithms exam this Wednesday so I anticipate this will be a tough week. I’m not very confident about some of the material we have gone over in the past month in that class so I will probably watch some videos and practice some problems before the exam.

## What will I do next week? ##

Next week, I will finish the Darwin project with my partner with hopefully enough time to spare for the extra credit. I will also study for my Algorithms exam and catch up on homework and other assignments. 

## Tip of the week ##

This is a cool website that lets you [convert your handwriting into a font](http://www.myscriptfont.com/). It doesn’t always work perfectly for some letters, but that may have something to do with my especially illegible handwriting! :)

That's it for week ten, thanks for reading!
