---
layout: post
title: Week Nine-old
---

## What did I do this past week? ##

This past week, I finished up the Allocator project. I worked alone on this project, but I will work with a partner on the next one. In class, we created some basic operators for the vector class. We also talked about how constructors affect memory allocation.

## What's in the way? ##

Not a lot. This weekend was great since it was probably the slowest I’ve had in a long time. I watched some soccer, caught up with all my classes and finished some homework early. I was already worried about the exam, and literally looked up a Q-drop form after I got the “leaked” grade, but it turns out just the first two questions were graded which I actually did decently on.

## What will I do next week? ##

I will get started on the Darwin project soon. I’ve heard that the next project is supposed to be harder than the previous few so it makes sense to start early. I also have a Modern Web Apps test this week that I will study for – the exam cycle is back after a brief lull. Registration is coming up and while I already have a general idea of what I want to take next semester, I need to come up with backups since I don’t anticipate getting all the classes I have planned for. I need to get my quiz grade up in this class, and I’d like to code some of the examples we have gone over to solidify my understanding of the concepts. 

## Tip of the week ##

Registration is coming up next week - often times, it helps to look over the syllabus of a class from a past semester to get an idea of what to expect. [UT has a system](https://utdirect.utexas.edu/apps/student/coursedocs/nlogon/) where you can look up syllabi (and even Professor CVs) which I’ve found to be helpful when deciding between classes.

That's all for week nine, thanks for stopping by!
