---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did I do this past week? ##

Flew back to Austin on Monday evening - getting back to school from winter break always takes a few days to get used to. I took OOP with Prof. Downing last semester, so I was especially excited to take SWE this semester. Just like last semester, it is important to stay especially engaged during lecture since Prof. Downing randomly calls on people to answer questions. However, it is perfectly okay not to know the correct answer, since this exercise is not meant to be intimidating. During lecture, we went over the Collatz conjecture and some Python basics.

## What's in the way? ##

Nothing much. I am mainly waiting to get my class schedule fixed. And although syllabus week was laid back it won't take long for the semester to start getting stressful.

## What will I do next week? ##

First order of business is to get ahead on work for all my classes. I'd like to especially finish the readings for this class and get started on some Python problems since I am pretty unfamiliar with the intricacies of the language. 

## What's my experience of the class? ##

Since I took OOP last semester, I am quite familiar with Prof. Downing's teaching style. The first few lectures are pretty similar to the material last semester, just with Python instead of C++, but I expect that to change very quickly.

## Pick of the week ##

I thought I'd share a productivity technique that has helped me immensely called the Pomodoro Technique. Many may have heard of it already, but it's basically follows a simple methodology: when faced with any large task, break the work down into short, timed intervals spaced out by short breaks. 

This way, you work in short sprints , which ensures that you're consistently productive. You also get to take regular breaks that bolster your motivation and keep you creative. It's easy to try it yourself since all you need is a timer.

That's all I have for this week, thanks for reading!
