---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

## What did I do this past week? ##

This past week, I mostly caught up on all my classes and got plenty of school work done. Luckily, the week overall was pretty relaxed. In class this week, we talked more about generators, the yield keyword, maps, and we were introduced to the range iterator class which we had to implement. The quizzes were quite challenging, but I am still doing pretty well on them.

## What's in the way? ##

Time! I have a very busy two weeks ahead of me, with exams in all of my classes and major assignments all due at the same time. This past week was like the calm before the storm! I also have a few other tests coming up soon that I have to find time to continue studying for, including two tests for credit and my pilot's license FAA exam. I'll have to manage my time well.

## What will I do next week? ##

Next week, I’ll be studying for the SWE test by trying to implement all of the concepts that we discussed in class. A good plan of action is crucial when revising material for exams. I took OOP last semester, so although I'm aware we don't have access to a practice exam, I have a general idea of what kind of problems to expect. In any case, I hope to work hard and gain sufficient mastery on the material before my midterms next week.

## What’s my experience of the class? ##

We were introduced a few new Python concepts this week. Many times, we were told to work together with other students and implement our own versions of a concept that we just discussed in class. I enjoy these exercises since I feel that actually writing code rather than just looking at it makes the material stick better. 

## Tip of the week ##

Light around us changes depending on the time of day. During the day, we’re exposed to bright sunlight that helps keeps us awake and affects our circadian rhythms. At night, once this bright sunlight is gone, we use indoor lighting that is generally dimmer and warmer. The theory is that staring at bright, sun-like computer screens late into the night strains our eyes and inhibits melatonin production which reduces quality of sleep. [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/) is a tool that changes the color temperature of your computer’s display depending on the time of day. Your screen will look normal during the day, but after sunset f.lux uses warmer colors to match your indoor lighting. Try it out, it really makes a difference!

That's it for week six, thanks for stopping by!
