---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

## What did I do this past week? ##

This week, I got started on the readings and began work on the Collatz project. In class, Prof. Downing spent some time going over the steps required to set up the project properly. We also went over the workflow for the project. Since I am quite used to the process from OOP, I got Travis CI and Github Classroom to work smoothly. I haven't used Hackerrank that much so initially navigating the website was a learning experience.

## What's in the way? ##

I have the project setup correctly and haven’t noticed any issues so far. I am currently passing 5 tests, and hopefully I can get more passing soon. Similar to the Collatz project from OOP, the actual code isn't that hard, it is the testing instructions and setup required that are trickier.

## What will I do next week? ##

Next week, I’ll complete and turn in the Collatz project. I’m also trying to catch up on a lot of work for all of my other classes since I want to stay ahead before it gets too busy.

## Pick of the week ##

I take a lot of online courses/video tutorials to pick up technology/business skills outside of class. One of my favorite sources for online learning since I started at UT is Lynda.com. Their library is vast and provides intensive training for even advanced software. I especially like their instructors since all of them are vetted and create high quality content. As a UT student, you get access to all the Lynda courses for free. Just go here (https://www.lynda.com/signin/organization), enter “utexas.edu” and sign in with your UT EID!

That's all I have for week two, thanks for stopping by!
